# Menu
menu.border.color: #cdc7c2

menu.title.bg: flat solid
menu.title.bg.color: #ffffff
menu.title.text.color: #222528
menu.title.text.justify: center

menu.items.bg: flat solid
menu.items.bg.color: #ffffff
menu.items.text.color: #222528
menu.items.disabled.text.color: #888888

menu.items.active.bg: flat solid
menu.items.active.bg.color: #3584e4
menu.items.active.text.color: #ffffff

menu.separator.color: #f5f5f5
menu.separator.width: 1
menu.separator.padding.width: 0
menu.separator.padding.height: 4


# Active window
window.active.border.color: #cdc7c2

window.active.title.bg: flat solid
window.active.title.bg.color: #f6f5f4
window.active.title.separator.color: #f6f5f4
window.active.text.justify: center

window.active.label.bg: parentrelative
window.active.label.text.color: #222528

window.active.handle.bg: flat solid
window.active.handle.bg.color: #f6f5f4

window.active.grip.bg: flat solid
window.active.grip.bg.color: #f6f5f4

window.active.button.unpressed.bg: flat solid
window.active.button.unpressed.bg.color: #f6f5f4
window.active.button.unpressed.image.color: #222528

window.active.button.pressed.bg: flat solid
window.active.button.pressed.bg.color: #f6f5f4
window.active.button.pressed.image.color: #3584e4

window.active.button.disabled.bg: flat solid
window.active.button.disabled.bg.color: #f6f5f4
window.active.button.disabled.image.color: #888888

window.active.button.hover.bg: flat solid
window.active.button.hover.bg.color: #f6f5f4
window.active.button.hover.image.color: #3584e4


# Inactive window
window.inactive.border.color: #cdc7c2

window.inactive.title.bg: flat solid
window.inactive.title.bg.color: #f6f5f4
window.inactive.title.separator.color: #f6f5f4
window.inactive.text.justify: center

window.inactive.label.bg: parentrelative
window.inactive.label.text.color: #888888

window.inactive.handle.bg: flat solid
window.inactive.handle.bg.color: #f6f5f4

window.inactive.grip.bg: flat solid
window.inactive.grip.bg.color: #f6f5f4

window.inactive.button.unpressed.bg: flat solid
window.inactive.button.unpressed.bg.color: #f6f5f4
window.inactive.button.unpressed.image.color: #888888

window.inactive.button.pressed.bg: flat solid
window.inactive.button.pressed.bg.color: #f6f5f4
window.inactive.button.pressed.image.color: #3584e4

window.inactive.button.disabled.bg: flat solid
window.inactive.button.disabled.bg.color: #f6f5f4
window.inactive.button.disabled.image.color: #888888

window.inactive.button.hover.bg: flat solid
window.inactive.button.hover.bg.color: #f6f5f4
window.inactive.button.hover.image.color: #3584e4


# OSD
osd.border.width: 1
osd.border.color: #cdc7c2

osd.bg: flat solid
osd.bg.color: #f6f5f4
osd.label.bg: flat solid
osd.label.bg.color: #f6f5f4
osd.label.text.color: #222528

osd.hilight.bg: flat solid
osd.hilight.bg.color: #3584e4

osd.unhilight.bg: flat solid
osd.unhilight.bg.color: #888888

osd.button.unpressed.bg: flat border
osd.button.unpressed.bg.color: #303030
osd.button.unpressed.*.border.color: #242424

osd.button.pressed.bg: flat border
osd.button.pressed.bg.color: #2a2a2a
osd.button.pressed.*.border.color: #242424

osd.button.focused.bg: flat solid border
osd.button.focused.bg.color: #303030
osd.button.focused.*.border.color: #1e1e1e

osd.button.focused.box.color: #3584e4


# Fonts
window.active.label.text.font:shadow=n
window.inactive.label.text.font:shadow=n
menu.items.font:shadow=n
menu.title.text.font:shadow=n


# Everything else
border.width: 1
padding.width: 20
padding.height: 10
window.handle.width: 0
window.client.padding.width: 0
window.label.text.justify: center
